Feature parity CPU templates for Intel/AMD (#3324)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/snapshotting/versioning.md

is creating and restoring snapshots on hosts that have the same CPU model.

To make snapshots more portable across Intel CPUs Firecracker provides an API to
select an Intel CPU template: T2, T2CL, T2S and C3.
Firecracker CPU templates mask CPUID and some MSR values (in case of T2CL and T2S)
to restrict the exposed features to a common denominator of multiple CPU models.
T2 and C3 templates are mapped as close as possible to AWS T2/C3 instances in terms
of CPU features. The T2S template is designed to allow migrating snapshots
between hosts with Intel SkyLake and Cascade Lake securely by further
restricting CPU features for the guest, however this comes with a performance
penalty. Users are encouraged to carry out a performance assessment if they wish
to use the T2S template.
The T2CL template is mapped to be close to Intel Cascade Lake.
It is not safe to use it on Intel CPUs older than Cascade Lake (such as Skylake).

> The only AMD template is T2A. It is considered safe to be used with AMD Milan.

Reviewer: How about providing more description of why `T2CL` and `T2A` template exists? (e.g., designed to provide instruction set parity and allow snapshots migration between Intel Cascade Lake and AMD Milan)

Author: done

is creating and restoring snapshots on hosts that have the same CPU model.

To make snapshots more portable across Intel CPUs Firecracker provides an API to

> select an Intel CPU template: T2, T2CL, T2S and C3.

Reviewer 2: Nit.
```suggestion
select an Intel CPU template (T2, T2CL, T2S or C3).
```

Author: done

Firecracker CPU templates mask CPUID and some MSR values (in case of T2CL and T2S)
to restrict the exposed features to a common denominator of multiple CPU models.
T2 and C3 templates are mapped as close as possible to AWS T2/C3 instances in terms
of CPU features. The T2S template is designed to allow migrating snapshots
between hosts with Intel Skylake and Cascade Lake securely by further
restricting CPU features for the guest, however this comes with a performance
penalty. Users are encouraged to carry out a performance assessment if they wish
to use the T2S template.
The T2CL template is mapped to be close to Intel Cascade Lake.
It is not safe to use it on Intel CPUs older than Cascade Lake (such as Skylake).

The only AMD template is T2A. It is considered safe to be used with AMD Milan.

> Intel T2CL and AMD T2A templates together aim to provide instruction set feature
> parity between CPUs running them, so they can form a heterogeniuous fleet
> exposing the same instruction sets to the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Intel T2CL and AMD T2A templates together aim to provide instruction set feature
parity between CPUs running them, so they can form a heterogeneous fleet
exposing the same instruction sets to the application.
```

Author: done

> Taking a snapshot on Intel and restoring from it on AMD (or vice versa) is not
> currently supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Restoring from an Intel snapshot on AMD (or vice-versa) is not supported.
```

between hosts with Intel SkyLake and Cascade Lake securely by further
restricting CPU features for the guest, however this comes with a performance
penalty. Users are encouraged to carry out a performance assessment if they wish
to use the T2S template. T2CL template is mapped to be close to Intel Cascade Lake.

> It is not safe to use it on Intel CPUs older than Cascade Lake (e.g., Skylake).

Reviewer 2: Unnecessary comma.
```suggestion
It is not safe to use it on Intel CPUs older than Cascade Lake (e.g. Skylake).
```
